Thank you all for being here. We're not going to keep it long. Maybe just a couple of words
to wrap up. This was the fourth edition and we are very happy that it was again physically,
it's a hugely different experience. I think we are doing very well as an open source community
on Toast Execution. I think we are doing well and that's, I think, something to celebrate
together. There's only two things you can do with Toast Computing. One is to restrict the user,
things like digital restrictions management, DRM. And the other, I think, and that's the future,
is how can we secure user data. And to do that, I think, the only way forward is open source
and free software. So let's keep the pace up together as a community and hopefully we get
there again here in Brussels next year. And I think Fritz also wants to say something.
Yeah, I just want to wrap up and saying thank you to everyone to join. Thank you for the
nice questions. I think it was nice in the last years. Please send us feedback, send us words
about what you think about also the online part of it because we're not sure if we want to keep
this hybrid version of it for the next year. So please send us any sorts of whether you think
the online part was actually worthwhile. I think this part will always be live streamed by FOSDEM,
but we're not sure whether we actually keep it in hybrid. So please send us any sorts you have,
and please also reach out to us if you want changes made for next years. We really want to
make this more of a community event and maybe also get a full day next year. So thank you a lot
to everyone and have a great evening. Thank you for being here.